add grpc unary interceptor for trace (#12)
SkyAPM/go2sky-plugins: grpc/README.md

# Go2sky with [grpc](https://grpc.io)

## Note

> just for unary server and unary client, not support streaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin works just for gRPC server and client in unary mode, streaming has not been supported.
```

Author: done

## Installation

```bash

> go get -u github.com/aoliang/go2sky-plugins/grpc

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
go get -u github.com/SkyAPM/go2sky-plugins/grpc
```

Author: done
